Update Iframe tip (#714)
Avaiga/taipy-doc: docs/knowledge_base/tips/third_party_objects/index.md

> ## Incorporate Third-Party Components

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Integrate Third-Party Components
```

In the world of web development, it's often necessary to integrate third-party 
components into your applications. These components could be anything from interactive 
visualizations to videos or other web pages. This article will demonstrate how to 
effectively include these external resources in your web app.

## Example: Embedding a Sankey Diagram

![Sankey Diagram](sankey_diagram.png){width=100%}

Let's explore a practical example of how to integrate a Sankey Diagram into a web 
application. A Sankey Diagram is a visualization tool used to represent the flow of 
resources or information between multiple entities. It finds applications in energy 
studies, cost analysis, and network analysis.

In our scenario, we have a Python application that processes recruitment data, performs 

> analysis, and generates a Sankey Diagram using Plotly, a Python library for interactive 

Reviewer: Link to the Plotly web site?

visualizations.

Here's a code snippet creating a Plotly object:

```python
def sankey_graph(df):

>     # Processing the data for a Sankey Diagram

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    # Process the data for the Sankey Diagram
```

    ...

    fig = go.Figure(data=[go.Sankey(
        node=dict(
            label=unique_stages2, 
        ),
        link=dict(

>             source=sankey_pairs['source'],

Reviewer: Use double quotes everywhere.
["source"] etc.

            target=sankey_pairs['target'],
            value=sankey_pairs['count'],
        )
    )])

    fig.update_layout(

>         title='Sequences per application',

Reviewer: double quotes

        font=dict(size=12),
    )

    return fig
```

> ## Incorporating the Sankey Diagram

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Integrating the Sankey Diagram
```

> To integrate this `fig` object in our web appliation, the HTML version of this object 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To integrate this *fig* object in our web application, the HTML version of this object 
```

> has to be created.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
has to be created. Here is the code that does that:
```

```python
import io

def expose_plotly(fig):
    buffer = io.StringIO()
    fig.write_html(buffer)
    return buffer.getvalue()
```

> In this code, the function `expose_plotly` is responsible for taking a Plotly `fig` 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this code, the function *expose_plotly()* is responsible for converting a Plotly
object (*fig*) to HTML.
```

> object as an input and converting it into HTML. This conversion is a crucial step in the 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This conversion is a mandatory step in the 
```

> process of integrating the Sankey Diagram into your application.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
process of integrating any third party component into your application.
```

> The `fig` object is transformed into HTML, and then we proceed to define two callback 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The *fig* object is transformed into HTML, and then we proceed to define two callback 
```

> functions, namely, `on_user_content` and `on_init`. The `on_init` callback serves as a 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
functions, namely, *on_user_content()* and *on_init()*. The `on_init` callback serves as a 
```

> fundamental Taipy callback that is triggered when a new user accesses the application. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
fundamental Taipy callback that is triggered when a new user connects to the application. 
```

> On the other hand, the `on_user_content` function is designed to return the HTML content 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On the other hand, the *on_user_content()* function is designed to return the HTML content 
```

> to be rendered, while the `get_user_content_url` function is utilized to obtain the URL 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
to be rendered, while the `get_user_content_url()` function is invoked to obtain the URL 
```

for rendering the HTML content.

```python
html = expose_plotly(sankey_graph(data))
uc_url = None

def on_user_content(state, path: str, query: dict):
    return state.html

def on_init(state):
    state.uc_url = get_user_content_url(state, "val", {"name": "param"})
```

Finally, we can embed the Sankey Diagram within our web application using the 
following `part` component:

```

> <|part|page={uc_url}|height=800px|>

Reviewer: remove the height property

May be add a text comment about it: "You can adjust the layout of the component blabla"

```

This element seamlessly integrates the Sankey Diagram into your web app, providing an 
engaging user experience.

## Conclusion

Incorporating third-party components into your web applications is a powerful technique 
that can greatly enhance user engagement. You can achieve this by converting external 

> content into HTML and seamlessly integrating it into your web app as a URL.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
content into HTML and seamlessly integrating it into your web app.
```

This article demonstrated how to embed a Sankey Diagram in your web application using 
this method. This approach ensures that the integrated content doesn't interfere with 
your page and provides a secure user experience.

# Entire Code

```python
# Plotly code to create "fig"
import plotly.graph_objects as go
import urllib.request, json

> url = 'https://raw.githubusercontent.com/plotly/plotly.js/master/test/image/mocks/sankey_energy.json'

Reviewer: Add a comment: "Get data from the Plotly demonstration site"

response = urllib.request.urlopen(url)
data = json.loads(response.read())

> # override gray link colors with 'source' colors

Reviewer: I see no relation between the code and the comment

opacity = 0.4

> # change 'magenta' to its 'rgba' value to add opacity

Reviewer: Unclear.

All comments should begin with a capital letter.

data['data'][0]['node']['color'] = ['rgba(255,0,255, 0.8)' if color == "magenta" else color for color in data['data'][0]['node']['color']]
data['data'][0]['link']['color'] = [data['data'][0]['node']['color'][src].replace("0.8", str(opacity))
                                    for src in data['data'][0]['link']['source']]

> fig = go.Figure(data=[go.Sankey(

Reviewer: Add comment
```
# Create the Figure object
```

    # Define nodes
    node = dict(
      label =  data['data'][0]['node']['label'],
      color =  data['data'][0]['node']['color']
    ),
    # Add links
    link = dict(
      source =  data['data'][0]['link']['source'],
      target =  data['data'][0]['link']['target'],
      value =  data['data'][0]['link']['value'],
      label =  data['data'][0]['link']['label'],
      color =  data['data'][0]['link']['color']
))])

fig.update_layout(title_text="Energy forecast for 2050")

# Taipy Code
from taipy.gui import Gui, get_user_content_url, notify
import io

def expose_plotly(fig):
    buffer = io.StringIO()
    fig.write_html(buffer)
    return buffer.getvalue()

def on_user_content(state, path: str, query: dict):
    return state.html

def on_init(state):
    state.uc_url = get_user_content_url(state, "hello", {"t": "a"})

> html = expose_plotly(fig)

Reviewer: Why use this variable?
Why not simply `return expose_plotly(fig)` in *on_user_content()*?

uc_url = None

> example = "<|part|page={uc_url}|height=800px|>"

Reviewer: Here, `height`  is ok for me: real, full example.
